Update access-private-git-submodules.md (#602)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/configuration/access-private-git-submodules.md

1. [Create an SSH key pair](../knowledge-base/generating-an-ssh-key) for use with Codemagic. Note that the SSH key **cannot** be password-protected.
2. Add the **public key** to your repository settings. See how to do that on [GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account), [Bitbucket](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucket/use-access-keys-294486051.html), [GitLab](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ssh/README.html#adding-an-ssh-key-to-your-gitlab-account).
3. Copy the contents of the **private key** file add it as an environment variable in your Codemagic configuration file. In order to add it as an evironment variable:

>     * Create an environment variable that ends with _SSH_KEY e.g. MYKEY_SSH_KEY, and add to a group
>     * Import [environment variable group](https://docs.codemagic.io/variables/environment-variable-groups/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Create an environment variable that ends with __SSH_KEY_ e.g. MODULE_SSH_KEY, and add to a group. Make sure to mark the **Secure** checkbox which will encrypt the value of the environment variable.
    * Import the environment variable group as described[here](../variables/environment-variable-groups/)
```

1. [Create an SSH key pair](../knowledge-base/generating-an-ssh-key) for use with Codemagic. Note that the SSH key **cannot** be password-protected.
2. Add the **public key** to your repository settings. See how to do that on [GitHub](https://help.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account), [Bitbucket](https://confluence.atlassian.com/bitbucket/use-access-keys-294486051.html), [GitLab](https://docs.gitlab.com/ee/ssh/README.html#adding-an-ssh-key-to-your-gitlab-account).

> 3. Copy the contents of the **private key** file add it as an [environment variable](../building/environment-variables/) in your Codemagic configuration file. Make sure to mark the Secure checkbox which will encrypt the contents of the private key file.

Reviewer: This is suggesting to add the environment variable directly to the codemagic.yaml. The link is also to the read only environment variables page instead of the page about environment variable groups. I would suggest trying to explain the steps i.e.
- Add an environment variable that ends with _SSH_KEY e.g. MYKEY_SSH_KEY, and add to a group
- Import the env var group as explain on the env variable groups page and link to it.
